All right so we have our data now what we want to do is we want to create a model So recall that our
model looks something like this.
So we're going to have some inputs.
We're going to have some hidden layers and then we're going to have an output layer over here over which
we put a soft Max.
So get us defining a model is really easy and that is where Qantas shines.
If you tried to go with something like dance floor or piano or torch or any other celebrity it's going
to be extremely difficult and painful to set up a model.
You just want to get started.
You just want to make sure that you get experiment with your data.
Take a look at your inputs outputs see what kind of models give you best results.
And that is where gets changed.
So we're going to create a really really small model really quickly and you'll see that even if you
convert these two really complicated models it's going to take time if you're working with Qantas.
So what we want to do is we want to create a sequential model.
So this sequentially comes from the get US DOT models.
So what we want to do is we want to go out here and say from the start models import sequence and execute
that we're going to incorporate some other stuff forward here as well.
So let's do that at the moment from Qantas dot layers import we're going to import a dense layer.
So overhead this is a dense layer as you can see everything is attached to everything.
So this kind of density we're going to have some other types of flares later on in the course.
We also need to have from a start up in my users import as G.D..
So this guy optimizer this SCADA optimizes optimizer is essentially what takes a look at all the ti
does and decides how to change them so that your inputs can be used to predict the outputs correctly.
Right.
So if you remember we're all here we had some line which was all ahead because of the t does and through
some process we change it to this line over here because we were changing the data.
So essentially that's what Steed's going to do for us.
It's going to change the model parameters so that the model predicts better.
So that's all we need to understand at the moment.
So let's go ahead and go ahead over here and add a layer to model so that may get us works as you say
model is equal to sequential order another type of model we take a look at that later on then we add
layers.
So we have model that add and now we're going to say we want to add a dense layer so we want to add
a layer of 512 nodes.
So this is going to be a lot here.
So how many nodes we need in this layer.
Right.
So we're adding layer on the nodes do we need to network and what's the type of this.
It's a dense layer so dense 512.
Let's close this over here and we're going to say that the activation.
So this is a switching function.
This is going to be segment.
And we also have to it what the input shape is going to be.
So the input shape is going to be and we have to tell it to build.
So we say seven eighty four and we have to put a comma because unless you if you don't put a column
over here this is not going to be treated as a tuple so we have to put a column over here.
That's just Python syntax.
So this is a tuple we're saying that I'm going to be inputting a single vector of seven hundred and
eighty four different values.
Right.
That's our input shape.
This whole thing becomes dense layer and that is an added to the model.
Now what we're going to do is we're going to add another layer over here.
So this is going to correspond to this in there too.
And we also are going to set this to 512 the way to set the activation to sigmoid and we're not going
to tell what the input shape is because we have the data in here and get us going automatically decide
what this layer is going to get.
As you put it.
Finally what we want to do is we want to add a dense layer right so dense layer of num classes.
Right.
So let's go back over here at the last layer the number of nodes is going to correspond to our classes.
So we have 10 classes over here so we have to set it to classes which we earlier set to 10 right.
So let's go in here so we have nine classes and we're going to see that the activation activation is
going to be Max because this is our last year.
Right.
So let's go ahead and execute this and this and hope that nothing is wrong.
So dense is not defined it is from catastrophic layers importance
and there you go.
So now we have the model.
But what does the model look like.
We can go ahead and say model to somebody and we get a model of somebody and we get this a succinct
description of the model so that they are going to be three layers.
The first is going to have 500 Internal inputs this nun basically says that you can feed it to any number
of data points.
And this is going to be the size of the the number of nodes in this layer and is going to be the number
of nodes in the second layer and the number of nodes in the last year is 10.
So the total number of parameters for this whole network is going to be this huge number of potatoes.
Right.
So obviously a and b and c are not going to work.
Now what we need to do is we need to tell caterers to compile the model so that the underlying code
is generated fine.
Let's say Mondo compile and we're going to give it the loss is equal to categorical cross entropy.
Now you don't need to understand what categorical across entropy is essentially what it's saying is
we're going to take a look at the outputs predicted by this model and then we're going to compare it
to the one vector encoding that we created earlier on.
If they match we're happy.
If they don't match we want to change our theta so that they do match.
Right.
That's essentially what category the comparison to be is.
And we also want to say that the optimizer that you want to use this as D.
Right.
So that's our implementation.
Finally if you want to have some matrix that should be reported to us.
So we want the model to report the accuracy when it's running right.
So we're going to see model dot compile and once the model is compiled we can say that we need to model
dot fit so the fit is going to need some parameters.
First we're going to let X train and my train.
So these are the training data.
Then we say that are that size.
How many data points should be read at one time.
So that is going to be like size meets at the bedside.
Earlier on over here to 128 and the epochs was to we're going to use that as well.
So we have our bad size then we have a box is equal to e-books.
So that's going to be a number of people.
We also want to say that wearables is equal to one.
So that all the different to progress is output to us so that we can see and finally we can say validation
data.
So this is our this data that is going to be accessed and financed.
So this call validation for a certain reason we don't want to go into the details right now but this
is essentially our test data.
So when we see a model not fit it's going to go ahead and perform the learning just as kids learn.
This is going to take a little bit of time because this is a default.
Also what we want to do is we want to store the results in a in an object history so that we can take
a look at it later on.
We're not going to use that right now but it's a good practice to have this variable.
So as you can see now it has started learning and it is taking all these data points in the first epoch.
We're going to go ahead and take a look at all the data points.
So as you can see it's going ahead and reading everything and reporting the loss how much you're getting
wrong and accuracy what's the percentage of the correct vs. the incorrect results to the accuracy right
now is really low.
Now it is after the first e-book it performed a little bit of testing and reported that we only had
twenty nine percent correct results.
That's not really good.
That's because our model over here is really simple so we're going to wait a minute and once this training
is done completely we're going to evaluate the model again.
Right.
So that's why I kept these two boxes equal to two because we want to finish up really quickly so you
can see that we've gone from 29 percent correct results to 2 2 percent correct results in just two epochs.
So if you set it to 20 bucks this is going to get better.
Now finally what do you want to do is we want to evaluate the model.
So we say the score is equal to model not evaluate.
And we're going to say extensive and wide test why test.
So we wanted to evaluate on this and this evaluation goes on.
So this only doing testing.
Right.
So at the end we can see a score of zero and we get the value over here.
This is our loss and our accuracy is 32 percent.
So this is really bad right.
But what we can do is we can go ahead and change the epochs and it should run a lot longer.
So we're going to fit it again.
Let's let it run for a while and we're going to go ahead and take a look at some of the great results
that have been achieved on this data set so you can click on this you want to know we're here and you
can go ahead and see what results have been achieved.
So based on these do these different models the results have been improved up to an error of just zero
point 2 1.
So that means that the value over here is going to end up being ninety nine point eight.
So this is really good.
We're a little far away from this as you can see we are at point 5 2 right now.
So we're at 52.
But once we get a little bit of e-books now we're going to get a lot of improvement.
We're not going to get up to the state of art with this particular model but after we do a little bit
of more fury we should be able to improve this model a lot and we should get really close to the State
of the art on a very low end machine such as the one I'm departing on our normal digital she right.
So he's running and we're going to Metatron and we're going to see how much we can achieve.